desktop: baran
fullscreen: Yes
sides: Yes
width: 1280
height: 720
autosize: Yes
logo: @icon/pyabr-logo
locale: fa
theme-name: glass
layout: fa
terminal: commento
font: Iran Sans
theme-name: Glass theme
backend.color: black
backend.timeout: 1000
taskbar.location: bottom
splash.timeout: 3000
splash.logo: @icon/pyabr-logo
splash.logo-size: 300
splash.color: #ABCDEF
login.bgcolor: #123456
login.background: @background/glass
login.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
enter.bgcolor: #fff
enter.background: @background/glass
enter.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
unlock.bgcolor: #123456
unlock.background: @background/glass
unlock.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.bgcolor: white
loginw.fgcolor: black
loginw.round: Yes
loginw.round-size: 20 20
loginw.location: center
loginw.shadow: Yes
loginw.userlogo: @icon/account
loginw.userlogo.shadow: Yes
loginw.userlogo.color: white
loginw.userlogo.round: Yes
loginw.userlogo.round-size: 125 125
loginw.input.shadow: Yes
loginw.input.fgcolor: gray
loginw.input.bgcolor: white
loginw.input.round: Yes
loginw.input.round-size: 20 20
loginw.input.font-size: 12
taskbar.bgcolor: white
taskbar.fgcolor: black
taskbar.locked: Yes
taskbar.float: Yes
taskbar.size: 70
desktop.bgcolor: white
desktop.fgcolor: black
desktop.background: @background/glass
lock.fgcolor: black
lock.bgcolor: black
lock.background: @background/glass
lock.clock.shadow: No
lock.clock.size: 100
lock.clock.color: white
lock.clock.location: center
lock.clock.format: hh:mm:ss
loginw.login.round: Yes
loginw.login.round-size: 20
loginw.enter.round: Yes
loginw.enter.round-size: 20
loginw.unlock.round: Yes
loginw.unlock.round-size: 20
submenu.hide: No
submenu.fgcolor: black
submenu.bgcolor: white
submenu.direction: ltr
submenu.fontsize: 12
loginw.login.bgcolor: #ABCDEF
loginw.login.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.login.bgcolor-hover: #123456
loginw.login.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.login.fontsize: 12
loginw.login.hide: No
loginw.login.width: 300
loginw.enter.bgcolor: pink
loginw.enter.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.enter.bgcolor-hover: purple
loginw.enter.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.enter.fontsize: 12
menu: @icon/menu
loginw.enter.hide: No
loginw.enter.width: 300
loginw.unlock.bgcolor: green
loginw.unlock.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.unlock.bgcolor-hover: lime
loginw.unlock.fgcolor: #FFFFFF
loginw.unlock.fontsize: 12
loginw.unlock.hide: No
loginw.unlock.width: 300
loginw.enter.shadow: No
loginw.unlock.shadow: No
loginw.login.shadow: No
loginw.login.height: 40
loginw.enter.height: 40
loginw.unlock.height: 40
appw.body.fgcolor: black
appw.body.bgcolor: white
appw.logo: @icon/runner
appw.shadow: Yes
appw.title.size: 50
appw.title.fgcolor: white
appw.title.bgcolor: #123456
appw.title.float: @icon/float
appw.title.float-hover: #ABCDEF
appw.title.close: @icon/close
appw.title.close-hover: red